src/pages/docs/eightball.mdx, before:

import {
    Callout
} from "nextra-theme-docs";

# 8 Ball

Robertify's 8 Ball is a simple addition but can be quite fun to interact with.
All you have to do is ask the bot a question with the command `/8ball ask` with the question you want to ask as the argument.
The bot will then respond with a default response or a custom response if you have set some up.

![Example](https://i.imgur.com/zLYpZVV.gif)

## Managing 8 Ball Responses
<Callout type='warning'>
    All the commands in this section are restricted to people with the `ROBERTIFY_8BALL` permission.
</Callout>

### Adding Responses

You can add a response by using the `8ball add` command with the response you want to add as the argument.

### Removing Responses

You can remove a response by using the `8ball remove` command with the ID of the response you want to remove as the argument.

If you would like to clear all responses you can run the `8ball clear` command.

### Viewing Responses

You can view all your custom responses by running the `8ball list` command. From here you will be able to see your response ID.

Commit message:

Docs: Mention dashboard feature for adding/removing eightball responses

src/pages/docs/eightball.mdx, after:

import {
    Callout
} from "nextra-theme-docs";

# 8 Ball

Robertify's 8 Ball is a simple addition but can be quite fun to interact with.
All you have to do is ask the bot a question with the command `/8ball ask` with the question you want to ask as the argument.
The bot will then respond with a default response or a custom response if you have set some up.

![Example](https://i.imgur.com/zLYpZVV.gif)

## Managing 8 Ball Responses
<Callout type='warning'>
    All the commands in this section are restricted to people with the `ROBERTIFY_8BALL` permission.
</Callout>

### Adding Responses

You can add a response by using the `8ball add` command with the response you want to add as the argument.
You can also easily add eightball responses from the guild dashboard.

### Removing Responses

You can remove a response by using the `8ball remove` command with the ID of the response you want to remove as the argument.
You can also easily remove eightball responses from the guild dashboard.

If you would like to clear all responses you can run the `8ball clear` command.

### Viewing Responses

You can view all your custom responses by running the `8ball list` command. From here you will be able to see your response ID.
