src/pages/docs/reminders.mdx, before:

import {
    Callout
} from "nextra-theme-docs";

# Reminders

Robertify implements an interface for the bot to regular give you reminders at the time you set it.

<Callout type='warning'>
    The timezone the bot uses is EST, so keep that in mind when making your reminders.
</Callout>

## Creating a Reminder

Reminders can be sent in either a specific text channel in a server, or you cna have them sent in your direct messages.
In order to create a reminder you must run the `reminders add` command with the reminder and the time the bot should remind you.
If you would like the reminder to be sent in a specific channel, you must mention the channel in the command; if not you can leave the channel option blank.

<Callout type='info'>
    The format of the time is `HH:MM` where `HH` is the hour and `MM` is the minute.
    You can provider either 12 or 24 hour time.
</Callout>

For example, if you wanted to be reminded at 12:00 PM in a specific channel you would run the following command:

```txt
> /reminders add [time:]12:00PM [reminder:]This is my reminder [channel:]#general
```

If you would like that same reminder to be in your direct messages you would run the following command:

```txt
> /reminders add [time:]12:00PM [reminder:]This is my reminder
```

## Viewing Reminders

You can view all your reminders you've set in a server by running the `reminders list` command.
It is from here you will be able to see your reminder IDs.

## Removing Reminders

You can delete a reminder by running the `reminders remove` command with the ID of the command passed as a required argument.

If you would like to remove all your reminders you can run the `reminders clear` command.

Commit message:

Docs: Add timezone information to reminders

src/pages/docs/reminders.mdx, after:

import {
    Callout
} from "nextra-theme-docs";

# Reminders

Robertify implements an interface for the bot to regular give you reminders at the time you set it.

<Callout type='warning'>
    The timezone the bot uses is EST, so keep that in mind when making your reminders.
</Callout>

## Creating a Reminder

Reminders can be sent in either a specific text channel in a server, or you can have them sent in your direct messages.
In order to create a reminder you must run the `reminders add` command with the reminder and the time the bot should remind you.
- If you would like the reminder to be sent in a specific channel, you must mention the channel in the command; if not you can leave the channel option blank.

- If you would like the reminder to be sent in a specific timezone, you may add the `timezone` option to your argument list.

<Callout type='info'>
    The format of the time is `HH:MM` where `HH` is the hour and `MM` is the minute.
    You can provider either 12 or 24 hour time.
</Callout>

<Callout type='info'>
    Valid timezones include: `UTC`, `EST`, `CST`, `MST`, `PST`, `GMT`, `BST`, `CET`, `EET`, `IST`, `JST`, `NZST`, `AEST`, `ACST`, `AWST`
</Callout>




For example, if you wanted to be reminded at 12:00 PM in a specific channel you would run the following command:

```txt
> /reminders add [time:]12:00PM [reminder:]This is my reminder [channel:]#general
```

If you would like that same reminder to be in your direct messages you would run the following command:

```txt
> /reminders add [time:]12:00PM [reminder:]This is my reminder
```

If you would like that same reminder to be in your direct messages in a different timezone you would run the following command:

```txt
> /reminders add [time:]12:00PM [reminder:]This is my reminder [timezone:]EST
```

## Viewing Reminders

You can view all your reminders you've set in a server by running the `reminders list` command.
It is from here you will be able to see your reminder IDs.

## Removing Reminders

You can delete a reminder by running the `reminders remove` command with the ID of the command passed as a required argument.

If you would like to remove all your reminders you can run the `reminders clear` command.
